.
Lead Belly was told that if he returned later without Lomax, he would be served.
Lomax liked it because it was partly based on what happened in his apartment.
In 2006, Billy Bragg reworked the song as"Bush War Blues".
Bragg's cover is a topical protest song about the Iraq War.
In another, he takes on the Christian right, asking where the moderates are.
There is disagreement among music scholars as to its importance.
There is debate over the relationship between the song and radical politics.
A sequel, Horrible Bosses 2, was released on November 26, 2014.
Nick Hendricks (Bateman) and Dale Arbus (Day) are friends who despise their bosses.
Dale is a dental assistant being sexually harassed by his boss, Dr.
Initially hesitant, they eventually agree to kill their employers.
The three reconnoiter Bobby's house, and Kurt steals Bobby's phone.
The next night, Kurt watches Julia's home, but she seduces and has sex with him.
He drives over and kills Bobby, with Nick as a secret witness.
Nick flees at high speed, setting off a traffic camera.
The trio meet to discuss their reservations about continuing with their plan.
Lacking evidence, the police are forced to let the trio go free.
Markowitz wrote the role specifically for Bateman.
Sudeikis was cast in May 2010.
Jennifer Aniston as Dr.
When writing the script, Markowitz intended for the role to go to Aniston.
It was like flirting with a cobweb.
Spacey signed up for the role in June 2010.
The part was considered"integral"to the film.
When he got out he went right back to the clothes he thought were hot when he went in.
On July 27, 2010, Isaiah Mustafa was confirmed as joining the cast.
Mustafa was quoted as saying"It's a smaller role".
He appears as Officer Wilkens.
Ioan Gruffudd has a cameo as a male prostitute erroneously hired as a hitman.
Lindsay Sloane appears as Dale's fiancee Stacy.
P.
J.
Frank Oz and David Dobkin were in talks to direct.
The blinds close, the door locks and you think, ' It's the Temple of Doom.
Filming of Horrible Bosses took place in and around Los Angeles.
A T.G.I.
The film was shot digitally using the Panavision Genesis camera.
It's brash, noisy, and full of bravado and swagger.
I think we did it...
and most of all, everyone had a blast in the process.
The soundtrack consists of 33 tracks with a runtime of 63 minutes.
The film ranked third for the weekend.
Horrible Bosses received generally positive reviews from critics.
Ebert called Horrible Bosses"cheerful and wicked".
The A.V.
A.
O.
Scott of The New York Times stated"the timing of the cast...
O'Hehir was however critical of the perceived homophobia, sexism and racism.
into anything more than a collection of moments in search of laughs.
On July 26, 2011, FX obtained the rights to the network premiere of the film.
The DVD contains the theatrical cut of the film and deleted scenes.
The film will again be produced by Brett Ratner and Jay Stern.
The pair had previously performed a rewrite on Goldstein's and Daley's sequel script.
Filming had been scheduled to begin in summer 2013, but began in November 2013.
The Lower Peninsula routing has been in use since the 1920s.
The current route was finalized in the late 1970s.
This junction is at a tripoint of county lines.
The highway runs along 48th Street through rural farms into the community of Fremont.
The highway was moved to a new alignment west of Ferry in late 1947 or early 1948.
Instead of heading northwesterly to Hart, it was continued west to end in Shelby.
Two realignments in 1963 and 1964 rerouted the western end of the highway again.
This time it was realigned to run from Hesperia to New Era, bypassing Ferry.
A larger change around 1969 reconfigured the highway designations in Oceana County.
Radcliffe was born in West London, England.
Her family had originally come from Poland and Russia.
Radcliffe's parents had both acted as children.
I think of myself as being Jewish and Irish, despite the fact that I'm English.
"The paparazzi, they'd love it, "he told Details magazine in 2007.
"If there were any parties going on, they'd be tipped off as to where they were.
".
K.
Rowling.
This is Harry Potter", after he saw a video of the young actor in David Copperfield.
Warner Bros.
Radcliffe's performance was panned by New York Times journalist A.
Scott, who wrote that Watson had to carry him with her performance.
Next was Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire in 2005.
I think 10 years is a long time to spend with one character.
Equus opened on 27 February 2007 and ran until 9 June 2007.
there are moments when he seems genuinely scary in his rage and confusion.
Radcliffe's performance was nominated for a Drama Desk Award.
Other cast members included John Larroquette, Rose Hemingway and Mary Faber.
The production itself later received nine Tony Award nominations.
Radcliffe left the show on 1 January 2012.
Both of the films premiered at the 38th Toronto International Film Festival.
He is set to star as American reporter Jake Adelstein in Tokyo Vice.
Radcliffe was considered to be the richest teenager in England later that year.
Radcliffe maintains a home in the West Village of Lower Manhattan in New York City.
Radcliffe is an atheist.
Anything he does on television, I will watch".
Radcliffe is a supporter of the Labour Party.
He is a supporter of a British republic.
"I have always hated anybody who is not tolerant of gay men or lesbians or bisexuals.
Radcliffe has supported various charities.
Radcliffe is a fan of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League.
"...
It premiered on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
The episode was written by Michael R.
Perry, and directed by Thomas J.
Wright.
The episode was directed by Thomas J.
Perry has described the production"...
Thirteen Years Later"was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
Thirteen Years Later"received mixed reviews from critics.
Club's Todd VanDerWerff rated the episode a"B".
Thirteen Years Later"one star out of five.
The reason for its construction, and the saint to whom it was dedicated, are unknown.
A chapel was added to the south side of the building in the 16th century.
There is a stone bellcote at the west end.
There is a blocked window in the south wall of the south chapel.
Limestone slabs form the roof of the vault and the floor of the chapel above.
It originally aired on NBC on April 14, 2011.
The episode was written by Daniel Chun and directed by Paul Lieberstein.
Only Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) is apathetic about the new leader.
While waiting, he meets a man at the bar and the two instantly hit it off.
Carell had decided to leave the series, because"I just think it's time...
I want to fulfill my contract.
I just thought it was time for my character to go".
The Season Seven DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from this episode.
"Training Day"received mixed reviews from television critics.
He ultimately gave the episode a"C + ".
Despite this, he noted that Ferrell's presence did involve several funny moments.
Will Ferrell's performance was especially noted by critics.
Route 50 is a state highway in the southern part of the U.S.
state of New Jersey.
The road heads north through mostly rural wooded areas with some buildings.
It intersects CR 671 in Greenfield before coming to a junction with CR 616.
Later, Route 50 Cedar Swamp Creek in an area of marshland.
It continues to Tuckahoe and comes to CR 669.
Past this intersection, the route meets CR 557 and CR 664.
The route intersects CR 637, turning to the northeast.
It leaves Mays Landing and heads into back into forests.
Route 50 retained its current routing in the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering.
This project was completed on June 18, 2010.
Throughout the tour, Carey varied hairstyles and outfits, as well as song selections.
The tour was recorded in VHS format, and was titled Around the World.
Starr prior to her performance of"I Still Believe".
Since her debut in 1990, Carey had not journeyed on a large or extensive tour.
Carey's voice is no studio concoction.
Afterwards, Carey sang"Close My Eyes", the only sitting performance of the show.
The performance featured the most intricate choreography Carey performed on the tour.
After the conclusion of the song, scenes of Carey conversing with Brenda K.
It was built in the early nineteenth century to grind wheat into flour.
The mill is a small four storey tower mill with Patent sails and winded by a fantail.
It drives two pairs of millstones, with a third pair driven by an auxiliary engine.
The mill was set to work on Christmas Day 1819.
A new stock was fitted in September 1836.
William Button died on 11 February 1837.
The mill passed jointly to his widow Rebecca and their son Richard.
In 1884, the mill was sold by auction, and Henry Bryant purchased the freehold.
Bryant rebuilt the floors of the mill.
This was replaced in 1914 by a Hornsby oil engine.
The Hornsby engine was sold in the early 1920s.
Vincent carried out some repairs to the mill and ran it until he retired in 1924.
On the death of Alphonso Vincent in 1932, his son George inherited the property.
He lived at the site in an old lorry until his death in 1973.
They later changed their minds and offered it for sale for restoration.
In 1976, the cap of the mill was blown to pieces in a gale.
The mill was restored over a period of six years.
The consortium took possession of the mill in November 1979.
The mill was surveyed and recorded.
The bin floor was removed, apart from one oak main beam which was repairable.
A replacement main beam was made from pitch pine, and the oak beam was repaired.
One of these had previously been a whip from a Common sail.
A tarpaulin was secured over the mill tower to keep the weather out over winter.
A total of 37 volunteers participated over the two weeks.
The millstones were removed from the stone floor, which was then repaired.
One post required replacement.
The new main beam for the stone floor was installed and the ground floor was concreted.
Other joists were made new from oak or pitch pine.
Those on the bin floor are of a similar configuration.
The top two courses were rebuilt with red engineering bricks.
The cap frame was completed in autumn 1982.
When the weather improved, work commenced outside.
The rear of the cap circle was also completed during this time.
The tarpaulin was removed and the trammel dismantled.
Porter and the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings.
The first two were by apprentices from Eastern Electricity Board.
Two separate parties spent a week each at the mill.
A mains electricity supply was provided.
The mill was then supplied with lights and sockets on each floor.
A concrete path around the tower was trapping moisture, leading to rising damp.
A French drain was constructed around the mill to remedy these problem.
After fitting it was then painted.
Some missing or broken parts were made or repaired as necessary.
The great spur wheel was increased in diameter and the stone nuts reduced in diameter.
The remains of the original brake wheel were retained as an exhibit in the mill.
The fantail was made.
Some of the small gears were replaced.
The stocks were made from pitch pine and the blades from Douglas fir.
Thus two new stocks were required instead of one.
Traditional stocks made from a single piece of timber, or laminated stocks.
Good quality pitch pine was not obtainable in the lengths required.
A Douglas fir stock on a nearby mill had rotted after only seven years.
Thus it was decided that laminated stocks would be made.
All timber had been pressure treated with preservative and well seasoned.
The stocks were the first laminated stocks made by amateurs.
The four sails were made.
The originals being slightly different pairs.
It was decided that the new sails would be identical, at the larger pitch.
The whips are 6 inches (150 mm) square at their inner end.
Three of the four sails had been completed at the end of the work in.
The fantail and associated gearing was fitted to the mill.
The process was repeated for the second pair of sails.
The external walls of the mill were tarred and internal walls plastered.
Further work over the next two years saw the restoration completed in 1987.
Winding was by hand.
The walls are 2 feet (610 mm) thick at ground level.
The mill is described from the top down.
The eight bladed fantail keeps the mill turned into wind.
The top floor of the mill is the dust floor.
It could be used for storage of grain and gives internal access to the cap.
The bin floor is where the grain is stored before being ground into flour.
The wooden crown wheel is located towards the ceiling.
This drives the sack hoist on the bin floor.
Other machinery on this floor are an oat crusher and a flour dresser.
The ground floor of the mill is the meal floor.
It is where the freshly ground flour is delivered for bagging up.
A video of the restoration of the mill was produced by Viv Codd.
It is also open at other times by prior arrangement.
The team then went undefeated until 16 February, when they faced England.
The Natives ' final record in rugby matches was 78 wins, 6 draws and 23 losses.
Warbrick started assembling a team for the tour in early 1888.
The parentage of some of the players is unknown.
The first game was contested against Hawke's Bay in Napier on 23 June 1888.
The team sailed for Australia from Dunedin, leaving on 1 August 1888.
They arrived in London on 27 September 1888.
The team recovered to win their next game, against Midlands Counties in Birmingham.
Middlesex won easily, with the Natives play characterised by poor tackling.
The team had played thirteen fixtures during November and won ten of them.
The Ireland fixture was played at Lansdowne Road, Dublin, on 1 December 1888.
Patrick Keogh scored the first two tries, and his play was praised by the local press.
Towers scored the first Welsh try, which was converted by Jim Webb.
The match was also of historical importance because of the Welsh tactics employed.
The side entered 1889 having played 36 matches for 22 wins and three draws.
After defeating Midland Counties, the Natives returned to London.
The team had two further matches before their international against England.
The first was against one of the strongest clubs in England, Blackheath.
The New Zealanders won having scored four tries, including two by Keogh.
Their next opposition was a United Services side mainly comprising Royal Navy players.
Early in the second half a third disputed try was scored by the English.
The Natives remained in London following the England international.
From there they travelled north and won two matches before losing to Leigh.
The team struggled to find an opponent for their final match in Britain.
This was their 74th match in the British Isles and their 49th victory.
Consequently, the team exclusively played rugby while in the region.
The Natives faced Queensland at the Association Ground in Brisbane.
The response from the team's management was to suspend four players.
The team then travelled back to New Zealand, and arrived in Invercargill on 5 August.
Hirst for their match against Mataura District on 8 August.
The Natives ' play was praised by The Press:"...
it must be admitted they were far and away too good for our local men.
Such runs as were made by Warbrick at full back, by Madigan, Gage, and W.
Wynyard, the passing of H.
Wynyard, F.
The tour had a significant impact on the development of rugby within New Zealand.
The squad consisted of 26 players.
The exact names of several of the players is unknown.
England: Arthur"Artie"V.
Royle, John William"J.W.
Gauthier was praised for the many qualities her singing brought to music.
Albani provided a degree of mentorship to Gauthier during the 30 week tour of Canada.
She returned there and continued both to study and give performances.
The opera opened in June 1910.
Gauthier reacted badly, and quit opera entirely.
Gauthier studied the music of Java, and began to include this in her repertoire.
She developed her own reputation quickly, known as a"...
sensitive purveyor of interesting, untried songs".
She gave renditions of three songs by Maurice Ravel.
Stravinsky arranged to have Gauthier to premiere all of his vocal pieces.
Gauthier travelled to Paris in 1920 at the behest of the Music League of America.
She also included American music in all of her concerts.
Gauthier toured America frequently and returned to Europe in 1922, and again in 1923.
The first half of the programme presented works considered serious music at the time.
The second half of her performance would upset the musical establishment, however.
Gershwin played the piano for these pieces.
would rather listen to foreigners than their own people.
Her income from teaching was substantially better than from touring.
She retired from performing entirely in 1937, and opened a music studio in New York.
She died on December 20, 1958.
Gauthier was a controversial musician in her time.
Her choice of music for performance was often condemned, and often praised.
Her ability to capture the spirit of the pieces was also praised:"...
The critic remarked"Her voice was much too good for jazz.
"Here she was praised as a serious, scholarly artist whose performance was"...
neat and expressive.
"The audience received the concert very enthusiastically.
In the battle, U.S.
Marines, under the overall command of U.S.
defenses.
Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel Merritt A.
Edson.
On 7 August 1942, Allied forces (primarily U.S.
) landed on Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida Islands in the Solomon Islands.
and Australia.
This"curious tactical situation"held for several months.
At 18: 05 that day, 11 U.S.
Col.
Subsequent"Express"runs were more successful.
Marines on Guadalcanal.
Lieutenant Colonel Merritt A.
About 250 Japanese troops remained behind to guard the brigade's supply base at Taivu.
Edson launched a raid against the Japanese troops at Taivu.
At 11: 00, the rest of Edson's men landed.
Two Marines were killed.
On 9 September, Kawaguchi's troops left the coast at Koli Point.
At the same time, Oka's troops approached the Lunga perimeter from the west.
Oka had some intelligence on the Marine defenses, extracted from a U.S.
Army pilot captured on 30 August.
Oka was also delayed in his advance towards the Marine lines in the west.
Only the Kuma battalion reported that they were in place on time.
pilot disclosed that the ridge was the weakest part of the Marine defenses.
The ridge around which Edson deployed his men consisted of three distinct hillocks.
The northernmost hillock was unnamed and about 60 ft (18 m) high.
Edson placed his command post on Hill 123.
Japanese artillery began shelling the Marine lines, but did little damage.
Kawaguchi, who was having trouble locating where he was in relation to the U.S.
In my whole life I have never felt so disappointed and helpless.
"Twelve U.S.
Marines were killed ; Japanese casualties are unknown but perhaps somewhat greater.
At 05: 50, Kawaguchi decided to regroup his forces for another attack that night.
Around and behind Hill 123 he placed five companies.
They were low on ammunition, with one or two grenades for each Marine.
Hold out just one more night.
I know we've been without sleep a long time.
But we expect another attack from them tonight and they may come through here.
The night was pitch black, with no moon.
At 21: 00, seven Japanese destroyers briefly bombarded the ridge.
The force of the assault caused Company B to fall back to Hill 123.
Marine observers spotted Tamura's preparations and called in artillery fire.
Other Marines began to follow them.
Said Marine participant Captain William J.
When one wave was mowed down - and I mean mowed down - another followed it into death.
At first light, three U.S.
Mizuno was killed in the attack.
One tank tumbled down an embankment into the Tenaru River, drowning its crew.
Kawaguchi's troops began the march on the morning of 16 September.
Almost every soldier able to walk had to help carry the wounded.
An unknown number of wounded also died during the withdrawal march to the Matanikau.
The Marines suffered 80 killed between 12 and 14 September.
As the Japanese regrouped west of the Matanikau, the U.S.
forces concentrated on shoring up and strengthening their Lunga defenses.
7th Marine Regiment augmented by additional support units) to Guadalcanal.
The general forwarded the news to the Imperial General Headquarters in Japan.
"Historian Richard B.
It too was rejected.
The Pagan Empire disintegrated and anarchy ensued.
The crown's ability to mobilize defenses was in serious jeopardy.
The period of calm for Pagan ended in the early 1270s.
The tribute he demanded was nominal.
The king was furious at the demand and kept the Mongol envoys waiting for weeks.
Dali relayed the news to Beijing but did not carry out any military action.
The delegation carried a letter from the emperor.
) At any rate, the imperial envoys did not get back to Yunnan in due time.
But the emperor rejected an outright invasion.
He also sanctioned a limited border war if Pagan contested the takeover.
(Elsewhere, the main Mongol armies had captured most of the Song territory by 1276.
It was reported mainly in the Yuan dynasty chronicle and the travelogue of Marco Polo.
It also reports only one Mongol was killed, in trying to catch an elephant.
The Mongol archers ' arrows threw the animals into such pain that they fled.
The Mongol army pressed on after the monsoon season.
They occupied the fort and destroyed a large number of abandoned stockades.
But they found the heat excessive and returned.
The Great Khan's attention turned to Southeast Asia once more in 1281.
(With Champa, the emperor summoned the king of Champa himself to Beijing.
(He also ordered an invasion of Champa, whose king too had refused to submit.
) The Burmese king's troubles did not go unnoticed elsewhere in the kingdom.
The invasion began on 22 September 1283.
The Mongol armies marched to the border in two columns.
The Burmese army lost several thousand men as well as senior commanders.
The Mongol armies pushed farther south into the Irrawaddy valley.
There, the invaders paused their advance.
But the Mongol army renewed their offensive in the following dry season.
After the defeat, the king panicked, and fled to Lower Burma.
The evacuation proved premature.
The Mongol forces did not advance on Pagan as it was not part of their invasion plan.
The country fell into chaos.
In Lower Burma, the king found himself isolated, let alone plan a counterattack.
The governor of Pegu revolted that same year.
The king managed to send two small expeditions to Pegu but they both failed.
(Indeed, the tribute was no longer nominal.
) In exchange, the emperor agreed to withdraw his troops.
He did not want to invest more troops pacify the rest of the kingdom.
He preferred a vassal ruler.
But the agreement broke down a month later.
Anarchy ensued.
Each region in the country which had not revolted broke away.
Indeed, a king would not emerge until May 1289.
Given the chaos, the governor of Yunnan ignored the imperial orders of evacuation.
Recent research shows that the Mongol forces most probably never reached Pagan.
) Even if the Mongols did reach Pagan, the damage they inflicted was probably minimal.
They remained there as the treaty was now void.
The disintegration of the Pagan Empire was now complete.
But the Mongols refused to fill in the power vacuum they had created.
They would send no more expeditions to restore order.
The real power in central Burma now rested with the three commander brothers.
The uneasy arrangement would persist until 1297.
The brothers resented the new arrangement as it directly reduced their power.
The invasion failed.
The immediate result of the war was the collapse of the Pagan Empire.
However, the war merely accelerated the collapse but did not cause it.
Pagan's disintegration was"in fact more prolonged and agonized.
"The kingdom had been in long gradual decline since the early 13th century.
The war also marked the arrival of China at the doorstep of Burma.
The event commemorated TNA's six year anniversary.
Joe won the match to retain the title.
The card also featured a bout pitting A.J.
Styles against Kurt Angle, which Styles won.
LAX was the victors in the contest to retain the championship.
TNA created a section covering the event on their website.
Release the Flood by Dust for Life was used as the official theme for the show.
The scripted wedding of Jay Lethal and SoCal Val was promoted for Slammiversary.
Ware, and Jake Roberts.
Styles, Booker T, Christian Cage, and Rhino.
The qualifying matches were held on the May 22 and May 29 episodes of Impact !.
The predominate storyline heading into the event was the rivalry between A.J.
Styles and Kurt Angle, both members of The Angle Alliance group.
The Motor City Machine Guns won the encounter.
Slammiversary featured employees other than the wrestlers involved in the matches.
Styles versus Kurt Angle bout only.
Jeremy Borash and David Penzer were ring announcers for the event.
Lauren Thompson and Borash were used as interviewers during the event.
Williams was accompanied by Rhaka Khan and Scott Steiner.
The duration of the bout was 15 minutes and 19 seconds.
Williams wore a protective face mask due to a broken orbital bone.
Khan and Steiner interfered in the bout several times.
It lasted 10 minutes and 14 seconds.
The second was between Josie Robinson and Kong, lasting 1 minute and 42 seconds.
A.J.
Styles fought Kurt Angle in the sixth encounter of the show next.
The match lasted 22 minutes and 44 seconds.
Angle was accompanied by Tomko to the ring.
Styles then followed with the pin attempt to win the contest.
After the encounter, Angle and Tomko assaulted Styles.
The match is fought under no disqualification rules.
Rhino was this placed in the penalty box.
He followed by pinning Booker T to qualify and send Booker T to the penalty box.
Joe then hung the title belt at 19 minutes and 49 seconds to win the competition.
The 7 out of 10 was the same rating given to the 2009 edition by Chris and Bryan Sokol.
Styles versus Kurt Angle bout a 9 out of 10.
The X Division Championship contest was given a 7 out of 10.
Wade Keller of the Pro Wrestling Torch Newsletter reviewed the show.
"Keller stated that the X Division Championship match was a"very good opener.
After Slammiversary ended, crews began to disassemble the set used for the event.
TNA released a statement regarding the incident the next day through their website.
Styles.
He was stopped when Sting interfered in the contest by bashing Joe with a baseball bat.
The team of Angle and Team 3D were the victors at the event.
) being the victors in point rankings.
LAX won the restart to retain the championship.
LAX were successful in defending the title at Victory Road.
King of the Mountain match.
However, the remnant moisture led to minor flooding on the island of St.
Croix.
The depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine six hours after forming.
Josephine reached its peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km / h) around 8 a.m.
(EDT) as it continued to become more organized.
However, there were indications that it had already begun to weaken.
Convection around the system increased significantly and the low was no longer exposed.
On September 8, wind shear took over the system again.
Convection around the remnant low was torn away and the low was exposed once more.
The heavy rains led to minor street flooding and some urban flooding.
No known damage was caused by the flood.
Goebel lost the election to Republican William S.
Taylor, but the Kentucky General Assembly disputed the election results.
During the political wrangling that followed, an unknown assassin shot Goebel.
Beckham ultimately prevailed and Taylor fled the state.
Following his term as governor, Beckham made a bid to become a U.S.
Senator.
Bradley.
He died in Louisville on January 9, 1940.
C.
W.
His maternal grandfather, Charles A.
His uncle, Robert C.
Wickliffe, served as governor of Louisiana.
Beckham obtained his early education at Roseland Academy in Bardstown.
In 1881 he served as a page in the Kentucky House of Representatives at the age of 12.
He was admitted to the bar, and commenced practice in Bardstown in 1893.
He also served as president of the Young Democrats ' Club of Nelson County.
He also served as a delegate to every Democratic National Convention from 1900 to 1920.
Goebel lost a close election to Republican William S.
Taylor.
He was sworn into office from his bed the same day.
Three days later Goebel died, never having risen from the bed.
On April 6, 1900, the Court of Appeals upheld the ruling of the lower court.
Taylor's only supporter on the court was Kentuckian John Marshall Harlan.
Beckham (now of age) won the election over Republican John W.
The couple had two sons.
As governor Beckham sought to unite his party and the state.
His record also deprived his Republican opponent, Morris B.
Belknap, of any significant campaign issue in the general election.
Beckham defeated Belknap and three minor candidates.
The law was one of few significant reforms that passed during the 1904 session.
Only John Marshall Harlan dissented.
Olive Hill was made the county seat.
Hays.
Former governor James B.
Beckham's term as governor ended December 10, 1907.
Senate by virtue of the primary held two years earlier.
The Republicans nominated former governor William O.
Seven Democrats had not voted for Beckham.
Beckham's ardent support of prohibition likely cost him the election.
Following his defeat, Beckham returned to his law practice.
Six years later Beckham again attempted to win the Senate seat.
In the Democratic primary Beckham defeated Augustus O.
The Republican nominee was former governor Augustus E.
Willson.
The amendment was ratified and became effective in January 1920.
The amendment failed on February 10, 1919, but passed on June 4, 1919.
Beckham voted against it both times.
The Democrats renominated Beckham without opposition in 1920.
His opponent in the general election was Republican Richard P.
Ernst.
Cox.
During his single term in the Senate Beckham served alongside three other U.S.
Senators from Kentucky: Ollie M.
James, George B.
Martin and Augustus O.
Stanley.
Following his term in the Senate, Beckham resumed his legal practice in Louisville.
He sought another term as governor in 1927.
Bingham.
The Jockey Club ran a candidate in both parties ' primary elections.
Crowe.
Flem D.
Sampson, the Club's nominee in the Republican primary, won his party's nomination.
Fields, who had been elected with the help of the Jockey Club.
The Democrats turned to A.
B.
"Happy"Chandler of Henderson, who won the election.
Beckham attempted to return to the Senate in 1936.
The head of the Jockey Club, James B.
Brown, had lost his fortune and influence when his banking empire crashed in 1930.
James's, increasing his prominence and influence.
The race was complicated, though, by the entry of John Y.
Brown, a Democrat who was a U.S.
Representative and former Speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives.
Democratic incumbent M.
M.
She is married to fellow actor Adam Smethurst, with whom she has two daughters.
She was raised by her mother's cousin and his wife in Ely, Cardiff.
She explains:"I've always wanted to act.
Ayola's first job was selling jeans on Bessemer Road Market in Cardiff.
She states of this:"Shakespeare keeps coming my way.
Ayola has performed in Twelfth Night in the lead roles of both Olivia and Viola.
In 2009, Ayola starred in the CBBC musical comedy My Almost Famous Family.
She stated:"The script made me laugh out loud when I read it.
We're not going to tiptoe around Martha's disability or anything.
' I liked that.
"She has also been cast in the film Dredd.
It would be nice just to stay put for a while.
And then Holby came along, so I'm very grateful".
Clarke, as well as the"dream"storylines her character was given.
What thrills me about Holby is that you get back what you put in.
The powers that be are only as interested in you as they think you are in the job.
For me it's about more than turning up and saying the lines.
It's about understanding it and trying to make it better.
That's actually a lot of fun.
What's great is nobody says, ' Just shut up.
' They want you to work at it.
I'm very sorry to have to let her go.
Describing her motivation, she states:"I am not an overtly political person.
I just want fairness".
Ayola placed 17th in the awards in 2009.
She has a collection of Troll dolls which she keeps under her bath.
She was made a Fellow of the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama in 2003.
Their second daughter was born in January 2009.
The gills are pale brown to pinkish, and the spore print is white.
British mycologist E.J.H.
Corner has described two varieties of the mushroom from Borneo.
galericulata and M.
maculata.
Mycena galericulata var.
calopus (named by Fries in 1873), are synonyms.
aurantiomarginata, M.
The margin of the cap has minute but distinct scallops.
The surface is moist and smooth, and hygrophanous.
The lower portion of young stems is covered with white flecks.
The edibility of the mushroom is"doubtful"and consumption"best avoided".
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) are not differentiated.
E.J.H.
Corner defined the varieties M.
kinabaluensis and var.
Mycena maculata bears some resemblance to M.
In age, it develops reddish spots on the gills that are not seen in M.
galericulata, a common species that is variable in cap color, size and shape.
The fungus forms a white, woolly mycelium on the surface of decomposing oak leaves.
Occasionally, it can be found growing on a living tree.
Laboratory studies have shown that the fungus is resistant to aluminum.
Born and educated in Tasmania, he joined the RAAF as an air cadet in January 1934.
In April 1941, he became commanding officer of No.
2 Squadron, which operated Lockheed Hudsons.
90 (Composite) Wing and, later, RAF Tengah.
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1965.
He underwent flying instruction with No.
Headlam completed a flying instructors course in July 1936 and joined the staff of No.
1 FTS.
He was promoted to flight lieutenant on 1 March 1937.
He subsequently passed the navigation course with a special distinction.
He served initially with No.
2 Squadron, before transferring to No.
1 Squadron on 29 August.
Both units operated Ansons.
Following the outbreak of World War II, No.
On 27 March he was posted to the staff of RAAF Headquarters, Melbourne.
He was promoted to squadron leader on 1 June 1940.
Headlam was given command of No.
2 Squadron at Laverton on 15 April 1941, and raised to wing commander on 1 July.
2 Squadron's eight remaining Hudsons were stationed at Darwin on standby.
2 Squadron.
During January 1942, No.
Four of No.
2 Air Navigation School, operating Ansons.
No.
97 (Reserve) Squadron was formed from the school's personnel in June.
On 20 July 1943, Headlam took command of No.
After handing over command of No.
In November 1950, Headlam was appointed to take over command of No.
90 (Composite) Wing from Group Captain Paddy Heffernan.
Headquartered at RAF Changi, Singapore, No.
90 Wing controlled RAAF units operating during the Malayan Emergency: No.
1 (Bomber) Squadron, flying Avro Lincolns, and No.
Headlam was slightly injured on 20 December, when a No.
90 Wing.
Headlam handed over command of No.
90 Wing in December 1951.
He was promoted to acting air commodore in May.
Headlam was promoted to substantive air commodore on 1 January 1955.
The latter assignment put him in charge of the RAAF's Directorate of Intelligence.
In May 1960 he became acting Deputy Chief of the Air Staff.
Headlam was promoted to air vice marshal on 29 May.
224 Group RAF in Singapore one week later.
He was succeeded as AOC OPCOM by Air Vice Marshal Alister Murdoch.
As AOC No.
He handed over No.
It was also the team's 95th straight season as a member of the Big Ten Conference.
and Zack Novak.
The team's season began with a preseason media day and practices in October 2011.
It was the eighth time a Big Ten team hosted the show, which began in 2005.
The team was undefeated at home until its last home game of the season.
Basketball point guard Trey Burke.
Tim Hardaway, Jr.
Peter Kahler was the team's video coordinator.
Tim Hardaway, Jr.
Michigan remained in first place until losing to Ohio State ten days later.
He surpassed Loy Vaught, who played in 135 games.
The team posted the following statistics:.
Trey Burke was one of nearly 60 Bob Cousy Award candidates named in December 2011.
On January 4, Burke was one of 20 finalists.
Person was later granted an extra year of eligibility to return to the team.
"They think their ceiling is higher when they're young.
Trey had...
a solid season for a freshman.
It's going to be one of the weaker point guard drafts in years.
"Some observers thought Burke was at his peak in terms of NBA potential.
Eventually, he decided to return to play for Michigan for another year.
All three signed a National Letter of Intent with the team on November 9.
Michael"Spike"Albrecht committed to Michigan on April 6, 2012.
It is closely related to the American lobster, H.
americanus.
In life, the lobsters are blue, only becoming"lobster red"on cooking.
The first pair of pereiopods is armed with a large, asymmetrical pair of claws.
Usually, the left claw is the crusher, and the right is the cutter.
The exoskeleton is generally blue above, with spots that coalesce, and yellow below.
The red colour associated with lobsters only appears after cooking.
The closest relative of H.
gammarus is the American lobster, Homarus americanus.
americanus bears one or more spines on the underside, which are lacking in H.
gammarus.
The spines on the claws of H.
The underside of the claw of H.
americanus is orange or red, while that of H.
gammarus is creamy white or very pale red.
Female H.
Females carrying eggs are said to be"berried"and can be found throughout the year.
The populations in the Mediterranean Sea are distinct from those in the Atlantic Ocean.
Attempts have been made to introduce H.
Adult H.
The diet of H.
gammarus mostly consists of other benthic invertebrates.
These include crabs, molluscs, sea urchins, starfish and polychaete worms.
The three clawed lobster species Homarus gammarus, H.
gammarus has not been described.
gammarus, where prior occupation of the tanks by H.
americanus could not be ruled out.
It may fetch very high prices and may be sold fresh, frozen, canned or powdered.
Both the claws and the abdomen of H.
The exceptions are the gastric mill and the"sand vein" (gut).
The price of H.
gammarus is up to three times higher than that of H.
americanus, and the European species is considered to have a better flavour.
The minimum landing size for H.
Aquaculture systems for H.
gammarus are under development, and production rates are still very low.
H.
The common name for H.
Bernard, an experienced linguist.
Cooke led his small squadron past Corregidor on 15 January and turned south.
The frigates subsequently scouted Mindanao before reaching Zamboanga on 22 January.
The defenders lost a single man killed and 4 wounded.
More might have been achieved with reinforcements: Historian C.
The 1798 China Fleet sailed without further incident.
In the ensuing battle Forte was captured but Cooke mortally wounded, dying on 25 May.
Numerous anime and manga publications have commented on Shikamaru's character.
As the series progresses, Shikamaru becomes able to manipulate his shadow in new ways.
He is named a proxy general under Gaara.
NTT customers voted him as their sixteenth favorite black haired male anime character.
Fourteen months later, Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange.
Die Another Day, produced by Michael G.
The series began in 1962 with Sean Connery starring as Bond in Dr.
No.
Die Another Day includes references to each of the preceding films.
The film received mixed reviews.
Bond locates Zao inside the clinic and attempts to kill him, but Zao escapes.
Bond rescues her and later discovers that Colonel Moon is still alive.
Horrified, General Moon tries to stop the plan, but he is murdered by his own son.
Bond attempts to shoot Graves but he is prevented by one of the soldiers on board.
Bond engages Graves in a fist fight, and Jinx attempts to regain control of the plane.
Frost attacks Jinx, forcing her to defend herself in a sword duel.
Pierce Brosnan as James Bond 007, an MI6 agent.
Toby Stephens as Gustav Graves, a British entrepreneur, alter ego of Colonel Moon.
Rosamund Pike as Miranda Frost, undercover MI6 agent and double agent.
Rick Yune as Zao, a North Korean terrorist working for Moon.
Judi Dench as M, the head of MI6.
Kenneth Tsang as General Moon, Colonel Moon's father.
John Cleese as Q, MI6's quartermaster and armourer.
Colin Salmon as Charles Robinson, M's Deputy Chief of Staff.
Ho Yi as the Hotel manager and Chinese special agent Mr.
Chang.
Rachel Grant as Peaceful Fountains of Desire, a Chinese agent working for Mr.
Chang, undercover as a masseuse.
Samantha Bond as Miss Moneypenny, M's secretary.
Kil, one of Gustav Graves ' henchmen.
Michael Madsen as Damian Falco, Jinx's superior in the NSA.
Principal photography of Die Another Day began on 11 January 2002 at Pinewood studios.
Scenes inside Graves ' diamond mine were also filmed in Cornwall, at the Eden Project.
Berry was injured during filming when debris from a smoke grenade flew into her eye.
Kinetic Aerospace Inc.
The soundtrack was composed by David Arnold and released on Warner Bros.
Records.
This is the first Bond title sequence to directly reflect the film's plot since Dr.
Die Another Day became a controversial subject in eastern Asia.
Fan reaction to it was above average.
MGM were keen to instead move on with the next film, Casino Royale.
Located at the junction of the Lyndon B.
The highest ramps are 120 feet (37 m) above ground.
Little of the original interchange remained when the project was finished.
Meridian is the sixth largest city in the state of Mississippi, in the United States.
Jimmie Rodgers, the"Father of Country Music", was born in Meridian.
Most of McLemore's land was bought in 1853 by Lewis A.
Ragsdale, a lawyer from Alabama.
John T.
There was much competition over the proposed name of the settlement.
The town was officially incorporated as Meridian on February 10, 1860.
Meridian was a small village at the start of the American Civil War in 1861.
As the population rose, commercial activity increased in the downtown area.
Kress & Co.
The federal courthouse was built in 1933 as a WPA project.
The three disappeared that night on their way back to Meridian.
Edgar Ray Killen was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 60 years in prison.
Hotel Meridian was constructed in 1907, and Union Hotel was built in 1908.
In 1988 it was listed as a Mississippi Landmark.
The E.F.
Young Hotel was built in 1931.
The current mayor is Percy Bland.
Members of the city council include Dr.
George M.
The council clerk is Pam McInnis.
In total, the city employs 570 people.
The team oversees an area of nine counties.
It is operated by the GEO Group on behalf of the Mississippi Department of Corrections.
The chief of the Meridian Fire Department is Anthony Clayton.
Horne (R).
Jones (D).
Surrounding House District 82 is House District 83, represented by Greg Snowden (R).
The city's growth has reflected the push and pull of many social and economic factors.
In 2008, the city was the sixth largest in the state.
The population increased as of 2010.
Congregation Beth Israel was founded in 1868, just before the city's"Golden Age.
Today, fewer than 40 Jews live in Meridian, most of whom are elderly.
Meridian is in the humid subtropical climate zone.
These storms also bring the risk of tornadoes.
Early on, the economy depended greatly upon the railroads in the area.
Riley Hospital has two centers for stroke treatment and rehabilitation services.
NAS Meridian provides training for naval carrier pilots and other enlisted personnel.
The city is also home to four industrial parks.
The current conductor is Dr.
Claire Fox Hillard, who has been with the orchestra since 1991.
The only home in the US south designed by noted Canadian born Architect Louis S.
The Hall of Fame will be located downtown in the old Montana's building.
The first star on the walk was dedicated to Jimmie Rodgers, a Meridian native.
In September of the same year, the second star was revealed, recognizing B.B.
King, a famous blues musician from Mississippi.
Sela Ward was added to the walk on June 24, 2010.
The city was the first site to receive this designation outside the Mississippi Delta.
They are placed throughout the city and county.
Olympic Committee.
In 2009, more than 4500 athletes participated in 27 sports.
Opening ceremonies always begin on the 3rd Friday of June in downtown Meridian.
It also runs south through Hattiesburg, Mississippi, and on to Slidell, Louisiana.
U.S.
Early public education in Meridian was based on the 1870 Mississippi Constitution.
The city did not build its first publicly owned school until September 1884.
The first public school for blacks in the city was held in facilities rented from St.
Paul Methodist Church.
Patrick's Catholic School.
"Mississippi State University also operates a campus in the city.
The library for blacks was built at 13th Street and 28th Avenue on land donated by St.
Meridian has produced or hosted many famous people in the arts and other areas.
For example:.
Senate in 1972, governor in 1975 and 1979, and lieutenant governor in 1983.
Gillespie V.
Montgomery, former U.S.
Henry Award for Best Short Short Story, was born in Meridian.
Meridian is the birthplace of novelist and short story writer Barry Hannah.
Classical composer John Luther Adams is a Meridian native.
The Island Def Jam rapper Big K.R.I.T.
was born in Meridian.
Olympus").
Hook & the Medicine Show.
Jimmie Rodgers, the"Father of Country Music", was born in the city in 1897.
Hayley Williams, lead singer of the band Paramore, was also born in the city in 1988.
Singer Al Wilson, born in June 1939, was a Meridian native.
Al Key is also a former mayor of the city.
Fred Phelps, leader of the Westboro Baptist Church,.
Hu lived in Nanjing during the transition from the Ming dynasty to the Qing dynasty.
Many of these were edited and prefaced by Hu and his brothers.
By 1619, Hu had moved to Nanjing where he lived with his wife Wu.
He died in poverty at the age of 90, sometime around late 1673 or early 1674.
Hu's work was known outside his local area.
Some of these sections had been released previously as single volumes.
It was published after Li's death, partly in homage to him.
Images from the ' ' Ten Bamboo Studio Manual of Painting and Calligraphy ' '.
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on September 21, 2001.
"The two start using it in every sentence they speak.
However, when Mr.
Later on, SpongeBob accidentally swears again.
Patrick then runs to tell Mr.
Krabs with SpongeBob trying to stop him.
Krabs accidentally injures his toe, he utters all the 13 bad words.
The two cannot believe it and run to Mama Krabs to tell on him.
The Krusty Krab customers are appalled by SpongeBob's use of his"word"and leave.
Squidward then informs Mr.
SpongeBob and Patrick vow Mr.
Krabs that they will never use swear words again.
Later, they play their favorite game, Eels and Escalators.
Patrick always gets escalators but SpongeBob always gets eels.
Eventually, he loses the game and accidentally utters the swear word.
Patrick then races to the Krusty Krab to tell Mr.
SpongeBob bursts through the front door and tells Mr.
Krabs that Patrick said the swear word, Patrick then joins along.
Eventually, Mr.
Mr.
Krabs swears.
When they all reach her house, they repeat the same swear words that Mr.
Krabs used.
This makes her faint, but shortly after Mr.
Mama Krabs states that all three of them should be ashamed for saying all those words.
The episode marks the introduction of Mr.
"Drymon said, "The scene where Patrick is running to Mr.
"The end of the episode, where Mr.
She said" ' Sailor Mouth ' just barely missed being in the number one slot.
Asahi had a complete double bottom with 55 watertight compartments.
Her hull was also subdivided into 223 watertight compartments.
Each mount could traverse a total of 240 degrees.
The former were mounted in the superstructure and the latter in the fighting tops.
The conning tower was protected by 14 inches of armour.
She was launched on 13 March 1899 and completed on 31 July 1900.
Asahi was not hit during the engagement.
Captain W.
The same year, she was assigned to the 5th Division of the 3rd Fleet.
After repeated accidents, the catapult was replaced by one powered by gunpowder.
On the completion of testing in 1928, Asahi was placed in reserve.
Ignace ; in between, US 2 briefly traverses the state of Wisconsin.
Since the 1930s, several changes have reshaped the highway's routing through the UP.
US 2 continues eastward through UP woodlands to the city of Bessemer.
The road crosses through a retail corridor and over a flooded pit of the Chapin Mine.
Unlike a freeway, the expressway has standard intersections and not interchanges.
The expressway continues north parallel to the CN Railway, crossing the Days River.
Near Garden Corners, the highway runs along the shore of Big Bay de Noc.
The roadway runs along Lake Michigan to Manistique, crossing the Manistique River.
Ignace.
The roadway continues easterly into downtown St.
Two of these trails followed parts of the future US 2.
The Mackinac Trail connected St.
Ignace with Sault Ste.
Marie.
The route was originally intended to entice motorists to drive around Lake Michigan.
The name fell out of use before its first anniversary because of World War I.
One Canadian auto trail was routed through the UP as well.
Motorists had to ship their cars by boat between Sault Ste.
Between Crystal Falls and Iron Mountain, US 2 was routed through Florence, Wisconsin.
A larger rerouting was completed in 1933 between Rogers Park and Sault Ste.
The MSHD started construction in 1936 on a new road that rerouted US 2 into St.
Ignace for the first time.
The new routing took US 2 along the lakeshore into St.
Ignace along the former US 31 to Rogers Park ; the connection in St.
The western end of US 2 took on two changes in the 1940s.
Marie in 1948.
Ignace and Sault St.
Ignace area.
The former routing of US 2 in downtown St.
Marie as well as between Dafter and Kinross.
The state built a new bridge over the Manistique River in 1983, bypassing downtown.
MDOT disposed of the former routing of US 2 into downtown in two ways.
In that same year, the department truncated US 2 to end in St.
Bohn, a prominent local citizen who later served in Congress from 1927 to 1933.
The project consisted of elm and maple trees planted along US 2 / US 41 west of town.
Signs marking the highway were not erected until 1968 when Governor George W.
Romney had them installed.
Ignace is part of the Lake Michigan Circle Tour (LMCT).
191.
Until the 1930s, the Upper Twin Falls Bridge carried US 2 across the Menominee River.
It was built in 1929.
This produces a siphon effect, giving the bridge its nickname.
The Cut River Bridge is one of only two cantilevered deck truss bridges in the state.
On either side of the bridge, there are picnic areas and trails down to the river.
Built in 1934, it is one of only three steel arch bridges in the state.
Business U.S.
Highway 2 (Bus.
Bus.
US 2 stays on Suffolk Street for a short while until it turns onto Frederick Street.
On Frederick Street, Bus.
US 2 bears north through a residential area along Douglas Street.
US 2 in Hurley westward along State Trunk Highway 77 and northward along US 51 in 2002.
Due to its interaction with land, the hurricane abruptly weakened hours later.
Early on June 22, Beatriz dissipated over open waters.
Hundreds of shelters opened across the states of Colima and Guerrero.
Gradually, convection consolidated around an area of low pressure.
A notable increase in southerly outflow also took place.
Convective bands gradually wrapped around the system throughout the day.
Early on June 21, the easternmost advisories were discontinued as Beatriz moved away.
Schools across both states canceled classes for June 21.
In Colima, 236 shelters were opened to the public.
Additionally, the Mexican Navy was placed on standby for hurricane relief.
Several homes across the state were damaged, though none were destroyed.
Throughout Oaxaca, at least a dozen homes lost their roofs due to high winds.
Among the most famous is the Battle of Pinjarra in Western Australia in 1834.
Central to the success of the Europeans was the use of firearms.
However, the advantages afforded by firearms have often been overstated.
One sailor died from an accidental gunshot wound during the deployment.
Other Australians became scouts in the Company of Forest Rangers.
Fewer than 20 were believed to have been killed in action.
The conflict was over by 1864, and the Waikato Regiments disbanded in 1867.
With the exception of Western Australia, the colonies also operated their own navies.
With a need for increased mobility, they were soon converted into mounted infantry.
The British entered Bloemfontein on 13 March 1900, while Ladysmith was relieved.
Disease began to take its toll and scores of men died.
Johannesburg fell on 30 May, and the Boers withdrew from Pretoria on 3 June.
Mafeking was relieved on 17 May.
The attack began on 4 August 1900 with heavy shelling causing 32 casualties.
During the night the defenders dug in, enduring shelling and rifle fire.
Ultimately the Boers were defeated, and the war ended on 31 May 1902.
Six Australians were awarded the Victoria Cross.
The Army and Navy compromised and titled the contingent the NSW Marine Light Infantry.
The contingents from New South Wales and Victoria sailed for China on 8 August 1900.
And as a consequence the navy entered the First World War as a formidable force.
German New Guinea surrendered on 17 September 1914.
The AIF departed by ship in a single convoy from Albany on 1 November 1914.
The Turkish government surrendered on 30 October 1918.
By late May the Germans had pushed to within 50 miles (80 km) of Paris.
The war had a profound effect on Australian society in other ways also.
64 Australians were awarded the Victoria Cross during the First World War.
Adelaide returned to Australia on 23 November.
Australian opposition to the Republican cause was marshalled by B.A.
Australia entered the Second World War on 3 September 1939.
The Australian forces in the Mediterranean endured a number of campaigns during 1941.
At the end of this campaign, the 6th Division was evacuated to Egypt and Crete.
Australians played a central role in the New Guinea campaign during 1942 and 1943.
The Australian mainland came under attack during 1942 and 1943.
Australia's role in the Pacific War declined from 1944.
These campaigns contributed little to Japan's defeat and remain controversial.
20 Victoria Crosses were awarded to Australians.
The RAAF component consisted of Nos.
76, 77 and 82 Squadrons as part of No.
However, by 1950 only No.
77 Squadron remained in Japan.
78 Wing RAAF to Malta in the Mediterranean from 1952 to 1954.
The RAN frigate HMAS Shoalhaven, and the destroyer HMAS Bataan, were also committed.
Later, an aircraft carrier strike group aboard HMAS Sydney was added to the force.
3 RAR fought its first action against the Chinese at Pakchon on 5 November.
Australian and Canadian troops were ordered to halt this Chinese advance.
Australian casualties included 20 dead and 104 wounded.
Across from them were heavily fortified Chinese positions.
Hostilities were suspended on 27 July 1953.
1 Squadron and a flight of Dakotas from No.
The Lincolns were withdrawn in 1958, and were replaced by Canberra bombers from No.
2 Squadron and CAC Sabres from No.
78 Wing.
2 RAR left Malaysia October 1957 to be replaced by 3 RAR.
Again contact was limited, although 3 RAR had more success than its predecessor.
3 RAR left Malaysia October 1959 and was replaced by 1 RAR.
The Malayan Emergency officially ended on 31 July 1960.
In 1964, Menzies announced a large increase in defence spending.
In 1961, three Charles F.
The RAAF took delivery of their first Mirage fighters in 1967, equipping No.
3, No.
75 and No.
77 Squadrons with them.
As a consequence, Australia supported South Vietnam throughout the early 1960s.
They arrived in July and August 1962, beginning Australia's involvement in the war.
Included were the Iroquois helicopters of No.
9 Squadron RAAF.
A third RAAF unit, No.
The Australian withdrawal effectively commenced in November 1970.
The last Australian forces were finally withdrawn in 1973.
Four were awarded the Victoria Cross.
They have reportedly also been involved in freedom of navigation flights.
Habibie subsequently agreed to allow the East Timorese to vote on autonomy in 1999.
A further 27 personnel were wounded.
This operation concluded in November 2013.
It began moving into Iraq in early November.
Airstrikes were extended to Syria in September 2015.
He is a champion of the 103rd Grey Cup.
Thomas More Knights, where he broke multiple school records.
He later played college football for the Western Washington Vikings.
McCarty played high school football for the St.
For that performance, he was named"Star of the Week"by The Vancouver Sun.
championship game, where McCarty scored another three touchdowns.
The following year, McCarty joined the senior team at St.
Thomas More, skipping the junior team entirely.
McCarty scored a touchdown in the AAA B.C.
While K.C.
In 2000, McCarty played a significant role in the Knights ' rushing and return game.
Thomas More with 84 touchdowns, breaking a school record.
McCarty played basketball and baseball during high school as well.
He lettered in basketball with the Knights.
McCarty originally committed to Boise State University and played for the Broncos.
In 2003, he was given redshirt status and did not play.
McCarty was immediately a significant factor in the Vikings ' gameplan.
At the time of his injury, he led the Vikings in rushing and receiving yards.
On September 1 in a match against the Stampeders, starting running back A.
Harris was injured, and McCarty rushed for 73 yards on 12 carries as a backup.
He made a reception for a first down following a fake punt in Week 6.
He missed two games later in the season due to a hand injury.
He continued to play on the special teams where he made eight tackles.
He also caught 22 passes for 150 yards and a touchdown.
McCarty played in both of the Eskimos ' playoff games.
McCarty was again used as a fullback and special teams player in 2015.
McCarty played in the West Final and had one special teams tackle.
McCarty grew up in Muskogee, Oklahoma.
It later appeared on Celebration, her 2009 greatest hits album.
One of the remixes was done by the Pet Shop Boys, featuring added lyrics by the band.
The actual song features a dance groove tempo.
Elsewhere, the song was a top ten hit.
"The songs were developed with a remixed perspective in mind.
I'm going to start from that perspective".
Composed in the key of C minor, Madonna's vocal range spans from F3 to G4.
Vineyard went on to say that it"...
"Alan Braidwood from BBC Music called the song"lethally catchy".
The song was noted by Slant Magazine as one of the best songs of 2006.
"He also called the song"springy"while reviewing the album.
"Stephen M.
Alexis Petridis from The Guardian called the song as triumphant.
"Alan Light from Rolling Stone called the song"throbbing".
The same week it reached a peak of 46 on the Pop 100 chart.
Its low chart performance in America was attributed to limited radio airplay.
Radio Boycott" ; it was addressed to Clear Channel Communications CEO Mark P.
Mays.
In the United Kingdom, it debuted at number one on the chart dated February 26, 2006.
In Australia, the song debuted and peaked at four.
"Sorry"debuted at number five in Ireland and was on the chart for 12 weeks.
Madonna's parts in the video were shot first, followed by the shot of the skaters.
The shoot took place for over two days.
They board a van where Madonna and her dancers strip of their clothes into new ones.
As the bridge builds up, Madonna starts fighting with the men.
The Pet Shop Boys music for the song's remix start in the background.
Bush and Tony Blair.
The Daily Mail called the performance"energetic".
The island and its surrounding seas harbour diverse populations of wildlife.
Crofting, especially sheep rearing, is the mainstay of island life.
Papa Stour is located at the south western end of St Magnus Bay.
The latter's name relates to a story from the 14th century.
This claim was not recognised by the United Kingdom.
There are numerous large boulders deposited by Pleistocene glaciation.
It is nearly half a mile long and wide enough to row through.
In 1953 the spectacular headland, ' Da Horn o Papa ' fell into the sea during a storm.
The traditional Shetland Pony is still bred.
(The story of his unfortunate daughter is referred to above.
At this time another duel entered the history of Papa Stour.
Lindsay's Well is a spring at the south of the island where he was allowed to bathe.
Mingulay).
By 1981 the census recorded a population of 33.
A number of people left the island and the school closed.
By early 2008 the population had dropped to just nine after a family of seven left.
Overview of population trends.
The coasts around Papa Stour have claimed numerous wrecks.
All 9 crew perished in the wreck.
Cormack and J.R.
On this occasion the conditions were clement and only the ship and cargo were lost.
The helicopter crew later received a number of awards for bravery.
Crofting is the mainstay of island life.
Fishing is still conducted but on a relatively small scale.
There is a post office at the pier, but no shop.
Mains electricity only came to the island at the close of the twentieth century.
There is an airstrip which caters for regular flights from Tingwall.
A description of the dance appears in The Pirate by Sir Walter Scott.
The writer, folklorist and musician, George P.
S.
Peterson was brought up on Papa Stour.
This entailed the boat being some 96 kilometres (60 mi) west of Papa Stour.
Rex around this time.
Rex.
He used to speak: ' Back off boogaloo...
ooh you, boogaloo.
Starr produced the track with Voormann.
It was Starr's first release since"It Don't Come Easy", a year before.
Rex concert held at Wembley on 18 March.
A similar monster appeared on the single's picture sleeve, holding a cigarette.
(drums).
Ward LeRoy Churchill (born 1947) is an American author and political activist.
In February 2010, Churchill appealed the judge's decision.
On April 1, 2013, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
In 1966, he was drafted into the United States Army.
Churchill received his B.A.
in technological communications in 1974 and M.A.
He also lectured on American Indian issues in the ethnic studies program.
You couldn't be an eighth Cheyenne and an eighth Arapaho and be an Indian.
The reason for this was quite clear.
It's become increasingly so ever since.
" (David Barsamian (December 1995).
"Interview with Ward Churchill: Historical and Current Perspectives".
Z Magazine.
In 1997, he was promoted to full professor.
He was selected as chairman of the department in June 2002.
"However, Mr.
The University has said that it does not hire on the basis of ethnicity.
Some have been reprinted with updates.
left as being hypocritical, de facto racist and ineffectual.
John P.
The claim has been criticized as a falsification.
Churchill has, however, received support from some scholars.
' s legal system was adapted to gain control over Native American people.
, but later adapted for application abroad.
He concludes that this demonstrates the development of the U.S.
president John F.
imperialism of the 20th and 21st centuries.
In 1993, he and other local AIM leaders, including Russell Means, Glenn T.
It says that the schism arose when Means, Churchill, Glenn T.
It was a year in which other FBI informants had been discovered in AIM.
By then Clark was being cared for in a nursing home and was not indicted.
government used against other American Indians.
In it, he argued that the September 11 attacks were provoked by U.S.
foreign policy.
The committee was divided on the appropriate level of sanctions.
By a vote of eight to one, the regents determined to fire Churchill.
"Churchill's counsel asked Chief Judge Larry J.
Naves of the Denver District Court to order reinstatement in light of the verdict.
Naves denied Churchill's request for reinstatement at CU.
Churchill appealed both decisions.
In late May 2011, the Colorado Supreme Court agreed to hear his case.
Court records indicate that oral arguments began June 7, 2012.
On April 1, 2013, the U.S.
Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal from Churchill.
1992, Alfred University awarded him an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters.
Boulder CO: South End Press.
1984.
(1997).
Natsu Saito, ed.
(2006).
Confronting The Crime Of Silence: Evidence Of U.S.
War Crimes In Indochina.
AK Press.
with Jim Vander Wall.
1988.
1990.
Common Courage Press.
1992.
Churchill, Ward (1992).
Jennie and Jim Vander Wall, ed.
4 ed.
).
Maisonneuve Press.
Jim Vander Wall, ed.
Politics of Imprisonment in the United States.
1993.
San Francisco CA: City Lights Books.
2002.
Indians Are Us ?: Culture and Genocide in Native North America.
1994.
Since Predator Came: Notes from the Struggle for American Indian Liberation.
Aigis Press.
1995.
Churchill, Ward (1996).
Pacifism as Pathology: Reflections on the Role of Armed Struggle in North America.
with Mike Ryan (introduction by Ed Mead).
Arbeiter Ring.
1998.
A Little Matter of Genocide.
Draconian Measures: The History of FBI Political Repression.
2000.
Acts Of Rebellion: The Ward Churchill Reader.
Routledge.
On the Justice of Roosting Chickens: Reflections on the Consequences of U.S.
2003.
2004.
2005.
Z Papers 1 (3).
Archived from the original on October 14, 2007.
Churchill, Ward (1994).
"Let's Spread the Fun Around".
) (1994).
Race, Class and Gender: An Anthology.
Churchill, Ward (November 1998).
"Smoke Signals: A History of Native Americans in Cinema".
"An American Holocaust ? The Structure of Denial".
Churchill, Ward (Spring 2005).
Archived from the original on October 2, 2006.
"The Fourth World: Struggles for Traditional Lands and Ways of Life".
A Little Matter of Genocide: Linking U.S.
"David Horowitz vs.
Young Americans Foundation.
Ward Churchill".
He uses historical photographs as source material for works.
Under federal law, Churchill cannot identify his art as by a Native American.
Some of Churchill's pieces may infringe copyrights.
Other copies are available online for purchase.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 4, 2012.
In the episode, Bart is punished by Homer after causing trouble.
It turns out that Fairey is an undercover officer working for Wiggum.
At the signing, Homer tells Paula that Marge is a big fan of hers.
Meanwhile, Bart gets his mother a rabbit for her birthday.
Homer punishes Bart by locking him up in the rabbit's cage.
Since Bart is just a boy, he is not sent to jail.
Instead, he is punished by once again being locked up in the rabbit cage.
It spoofs the debated status of street art as a true form of art.
Hayden Childs of The A.V.
Burns.
"This was Fairey's first acting performance.
Writing for The A.V.
"Critics have praised the opening sequence that parodies Game of Thrones.
IGN's Eric Goldman commented:"Ah, The Simpsons.
Always there for us with clever / loving parody of something we all love.
The 154th Boat Race took place on 29 March 2008.
Oxford won the race.
Oxford's crew featured the oldest competitor in Boat Race history.
Oxford won by six lengths, the largest margin of victory since the 2004 race.
The race was sponsored by Xchanging for the fourth time.
It usually takes place on the Tideway, prior to the main Boat Race.
Oxford won the 44th running of the Women's Boat Race by half a length.
state of Colorado and the entire Mississippi River drainage basin.
Henry W.
Leadville, about 16 miles (26 km) to the northeast, is the nearest large town.
Elbert's parent peak is Mount Whitney in California.
Further up the eastern side there is a large cirque with a small tarn.
Mount Elbert is composed largely of quartzite.
The first recorded ascent of the peak was by H.W.
Elk, grouse, turkey and bighorn sheep are present in the area during the summer.
The trail is open to equestrians, mountain bikers and hunters during season.
This can affect anyone, even those who are acclimatized.
Climbers are advised to begin their ascent at or before 6 a.m.
government.
Abrams, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci.
It was directed by Paul A.
Edwards.
It is revealed that Dr.
"The Same Old Story"first aired in the United States on September 16, 2008 on Fox.
A prostitute is abandoned by an unknown man at a hospital, dangerously in labor.
Olivia and Peter turn to an expert in progeria, Dr.
Penrose (Mark Blum), to trying to learn more about rapid aging, but Dr.
Penrose cannot help them further, though Peter suspects he is hiding something.
Unseen by the Fringe division, Dr.
At Walter's lab, they identify the pituitary gland has been removed.
Penrose visited.
Paul A.
Edwards served as the director, his first such credit for the series.
They don't have to resolve themselves over the course of one show.
Claus Penrose.
"The Same Old Story"received mixed reviews from television critics.
I'd struggled to find the word to describe it, and the winner is ' condensed '.
It is open to visitors most days of the year.
Swords found his efforts plagued by lack of wood, skilled labor and working equipment.
Freak accidents destroyed much of the wood intended for the fort's construction.
For the average soldier, life at the fort was"monotonous".
Aside from a few whiskey peddlers and prostitutes, few civilians lived at the fort.
Officers had brought their personal slaves with them, including Captain Swords.
Settlers from New England arrived equally determined to keep it out.
During the American Civil War, the fort was renewed as a US military post.
The Union Army rented the properties from the current civilian owners.
A major supply depot was situated at the fort.
They were sent to protect the railroads and workers from settlers.
By the spring of 1873, the US Army withdrew the troops from Fort Scott for good.
Many military buildings were razed and replaced with structures built for civilian use.
Visitation has declined in recent years.
The acquittal was upheld by the Prague High Court on June 5, 2013.
when somebody tried to climb the stage, he was brutally swept down.
I think I would've noticed something like that considering the Dime thing.
manslaughter).
Blythe was summoned to attend the hearing in person.
Trials in the Czech Republic are public.
A decision of second instance court is final and enforceable.
in 1996.
He is also a member of board of directors of Forum 2000.
He was also defending judge Pavel Nagy, who was indicted of accepting a bribe.
The proceedings ended with Nagy being found insane and criminally not liable.
The trial started on February 4, 2013.
Blythe said that people could easily reach the band members or climb up to the stage.
The second time, he tried to put his arms around Blythe in an attempt to hug him.
He then led the fan by his hair to the edge of the stage, where the fan jumped off.
Altogether, eight witnesses delivered their testimonies on February 5, 2013.
According to him, Blythe ran into the two fans and pushed them both off.
According to Vlach, there were fewer fans in front of the stage due to the break.
He commented that he grasped the fact that he was not wanted on stage.
She said that it was evident that Blythe did not want any fans on the stage.
Randy Blythe was called again to the stand that day.
Finally, defense asked for adjournment as a key witness fell ill.
Blythe committed to return when the trial resumed.
He had not seen anybody fall directly on the ground.
The court further heard testimonies from two eyewitnesses.
One of them was a bodyguard who was present at the concert but did not see the fall.
He said that he was told by them that the person fell off the stage.
The presiding judge agreed with the State Attorney on some of his points.
The State Attorney announced that he would appeal the verdict.
The hearing took place in Blythe's absence.
Blythe's acquittal was upheld by the panel on June 5, 2013.
No cast or staff credits for this film are known.
The film was released on September 27, 1910, to mixed reviews in trade publications.
The film is presumed lost.
The Gales thought well of this established feature.
They made it a joyous occasion for themselves as well as their guests.
Then arrived the guests.
The Minister and the Mrs.
Minister, they were, and some neighbors.
Off she speeds to a decanter of whiskey in the kitchen.
She pours into the pie the right proportion of liquor, and goes back to her guests.
Then Pappa Gale remembers that the pie has not been flavored.
She pours ' the right proportion ' in, too.
The writer of the scenario is unknown, but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan.
The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil.
Film historian Q.
The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions.
The cast credits are unknown, but many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary.
The list includes G.W.
Abbe, Justus D.
Barnes, Frank H.
Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline, Violet Heming, Martin J.
Faust, Thomas Fortune, George Middleton, Grace Moore, John W.
Noble, Anna Rosemond, Mrs.
George Walters.
A surviving film still gives the possibility of identifying eight actors.
The reviewer states, "A domestic comedy with a different flavor.
The humor in this piece centers around this pie.
What happened to the guests who partook of it certainly draws upon the imagination.
It was only the necessary ending to the beginning.
True humor does not emanate from cognac.
...
Two pies would have been as easy to make as one and would have been more convincing.
The initial phase saw the Australians advance towards the Hongorai River.
The 15th Brigade took over the forward positions from the 7th Brigade on 17 April.
As night fell, ' C ' Company dug in before resuming the attack the next morning.
Engineers were brought forward, as was a bulldozer, and the gap was bridged.
Amidst heavy fighting, the Australians forced their way across the creek.
The Japanese began to adapt their tactics in other ways also.
On 5 May, along the Buin Road, the 24th Infantry Battalion had pressed forward again.
Against this, the Japanese had lost at least 169 killed.
Engineers and assault pioneers were called up to clear the feature.
It was subsequently occupied by a company of Australian infantry.
Australian patrols were resumed in late July and continued into August.
The southern end of the range, however, features many granitic outcrops.
Most of the range is public land administered by the federal Bureau of Land Management.
Public lands in the mountains are open to recreation but are rarely visited.
The canyons have steep walls with loose talus slopes at the bottoms.
These streams all flow into endorheic basins in Harney County, Oregon.
Trout Creek and Whitehorse Creek are the largest of the four.
It is about 28 miles (45 km) long and 22 miles (35 km) wide.
The lava dome was created by volcanic eruptions in the early Miocene.
The caldera formed when the dome collapsed about 16 million years ago.
Other areas in the caldera were mined for ores of antimony, cesium, and lithium.
Most of the rest falls as snow during the fall and winter months.
Local flooding often occurs in the spring as the snowpack melts.
Brief, intense thunderstorms are common between April and October.
Other common shrubs include bitterbrush, snowberry, and Ceanothus.
There are also patches of mountain mahogany in some areas.
However, these areas are vital to the local ecosystem.
Many greenway areas have quaking aspen and willow groves.
Animals in the Trout Creek Mountains are adapted to the environment of the High Desert.
There are also bighorn sheep, cougars, and bobcats in the high country.
Jackrabbits and coyotes are prevalent throughout the range.
Mustangs sometimes pass through the mountains as they roam the Great Basin.
For most of the 20th century, the trout's numbers declined considerably.
Together, they operated from 1933 to 1989.
Environmental Protection Agency cleanup project.
Camping, hunting, fishing, and hiking are the most popular activities.
Cattle can be found grazing in some areas during the spring and summer months.
These conditions put the rare Lahontan cutthroat trout population at risk.
Meetings were all open to the public.
I thought, ' This has gotta be some sick shit.
Mengele was the villain.
Reign in Blood was eventually distributed by Geffen Records on October 7, 1986.
And of course we got the most flak for it in Germany.
I was always like, ' Read the lyrics and tell me what's offensive about it.
The band members told him there were eight, "perfecting"the song afterwards.
Don't know who Slayer is ? I feel sorry for you.
Sgt.
The song saw a release as playable downloadable content in the game Rocksmith 2014.
The game features an anthropomorphic hedgehog named Sonic in a quest to defeat Dr.
Robotnik has trapped animals.
This can be performed by jumping in the air or rolling on the ground.
If Sonic is hit without any rings, he loses a life.
A player must navigate through each zone (subdivided into three acts) to progress.
At the end of each zone's third act, the player confronts Dr.
Robotnik (who pilots a different vehicle each time) in a boss fight.
3, and Sega wanted a foothold in the industry.
The new character was originally named"Mr.
The antagonist ended up being named"Dr.
Eggman"in Japan and"Dr.
, he had wondered why the levels could not be cleared more quickly.
Naka, Oshima, and Yasuhara worked 19 hours a day on the project for several months.
Sega of America packaged it with American Genesis consoles, replacing Altered Beast.
It was the final game released for the Master System in North America.
Its screen is slightly zoomed in, and adapted to the GBA's widescreen aspect ratio.
Sonic the Hedgehog became available on GameTap in September 2009.
Reviewers noted the game's colorful, detailed graphics.
ever seen".
Critics cited the fast gameplay, unprecedented in platformers.
Lucas M.
But the technical achievement impressed back in ' 91, and still does so today.
This carried into the PlayStation era with games like Punky Skunk and Crash Bandicoot.
The game's success led Sega to develop an extensive media franchise.
Robotnik.
series.
"Where the Streets Have No Name"is a song by Irish rock band U2.
Although the band liked the demo, it was difficult for them to record the song.
I remember having this massive schoolhouse blackboard, as we call them.
It was ridiculous.
His idea was to"stage an accident"and have the song's tapes erased.
The studio version of the song was compiled from several different takes.
Drummer Larry Mullen, Jr.
It only became a truly great song through playing live.
On the record, musically, it's not half the song it is live.
"Where the Streets Have No Name"is played at a tempo of 126 beats per minute.
The bass and drums enter at 1: 10.
He contrasted this with the anonymity he felt when visiting Ethiopia, saying:"...
I was trying to sketch a feeling.
I used to think it was Belfast...
But it also contains some of the biggest ideas.
In a curious way, that seems to work.
If you get any way heavy about these things, you don't communicate.
But if you're flip or throwaway about it, then you do.
That's one of the paradoxes I've come to terms with.
Although not as successful as the album's first two singles, the song did chart well.
In the U.S.
and S.
Main St.
Hamlyn was almost arrested following a confrontation with the police.
Mullen's drum part was recorded in a single take.
Bono said of the song, "It reminds me of the desert.
The desert is so empty, but it aches with a strange kind of fullness.
The song opens with a short piano piece before the rest of the band begins to play.
Some of Bono's lyrics have been described as reminiscent of John Lennon.
The Edge described it as"a beautiful song...
Rolling Stone called it"assertive rock"in their review of The Joshua Tree.
The review commented that the"last ten seconds are breathtakingly beautiful".
The song is widely regarded as one of the group's most popular live songs.
The audience is on its feet, singing along with every word.
It's like God suddenly walks through the room.
Fans and critics responded favourably to the song in a live setting.
Hot Press said the effect transformed the stadium into a"UFO landing site".
The experience was one inspiration for the song"City of Blinding Lights".
"Please"single.
This limits the atom economy of the reaction.
These have been successful to varying degrees.
Furthermore, enantioselective variants of various kinds have been developed.
With bicyclic products, the cis isomer was selected for to varying degrees.
) is typically lower.
West of the University of Alberta and his review covers the field.
Attorney General.
Attorney Charles Turner and Oregon Attorney General David Frohnmayer.
Green, Wasco County planning director Daniel C.
Two members of the group then traveled to Texas to purchase handguns.
Caldwell stated she and Catherine Jane Stork flew to Texas to purchase guns there.
In New Mexico, they obtained false identification, and purchased several pistols.
Their intention was to purchase guns which were difficult to trace.
All you had to do was show some identification and it was easy to get.
After obtaining guns the conspirators returned to Portland, Oregon.
The two tried repeating the story with members of the U.S.
Postal Service, but the postal officials did not give them Turner's address.
On February 28, 1985, Congressman James H.
Turner was never physically harmed, and had retired by 1995.
Assistant U.S.
Navy divers.
Scuba divers searched the lake for two days but did not find the guns.
Joseph Greene, a U.S.
The assassination plot was investigated by the FBI and the Oregon State Police.
In December 1985, 21 followers of Rajneesh were indicted on wiretapping charges.
Chief criminal assistant U.S.
attorney Baron C.
Four of the perpetrators were arrested in September 1990.
In September 1990, Alma Peralta pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder.
Langford agreed to testify against the other members of the murder conspiracy.
"Prosecutor Timothy J.
Langford told U.S.
District Judge Malcom F.
for Europe.
Catherine Jane Stork was convicted of the attempted murder of Rajneesh's physician Dr.
George Meredith (Swami Devaraj) in 1986, and served almost three years in jail.
She was indicted by a federal grand jury in 1990.
In 1991, the German government refused to extradite Stork back to the United States.
In June 1991, U.S.
Both women were sentenced to five years in prison.
Croft and Hagan did not testify during their trial.
I think we did an absolutely fabulous job, "said one of the jurors.
Prior to sentencing, the court allowed her to travel to Australia to visit her son.
"Though Stork could have faced life in prison, U.S.
District Judge Judge Malcolm F.
Marsh thought she had"seen the error of her ways.
After her sentencing, Stork stated:"I actually conspired to kill Mr.
Turner, it is up to me alone to face this terrible truth...
No person has the right to do what I did.
I'm truly sorry.
"Stork returned to Germany after her sentencing.
In an affidavit, Timothy J.
Joseph T.
The Church of Scientology has been present in Germany since 1970.
The German domestic intelligence service has monitored the organization's activities.
The German government does not recognize Scientology as a religion.
This stance has been criticized, most notably by the U.S.
Scientologists in Germany face specific political and economic restrictions.
Despite this, polls suggest that most Germans favor banning Scientology altogether.
Scientology, founded in the early 1950s in the United States by L.
Scientology is similarly controversial in Belgium, Greece and the UK.
government agencies, wiretapping and the theft of government documents, a 1994 U.S.
Scientology first became active in Germany in 1970.
Stephen A.
Ron Hubbard, the founder of Scientology, but not Scientology itself.
Most Germans consider Scientology a subversive organization.
Its precise legal status however is unresolved.
The court ruled that the use of informants was disproportionate.
Ron Hubbard in his writings, were incompatible with the German constitution.
The German government posted bail for the agent.
Ron Hubbard will not be used in executing the contract".
A foreign organization would have been much easier to ban than a German one.
But they put very little of this into practice.
Monitoring of Scientology's activities by the German intelligence services continues.
The U.S.
entertainment industry, including the top executives of MGM, Warner Bros.
This is intimidation, pure and simple.
In April 1997, John Travolta met personally with U.S.
President Bill Clinton at a conference in Philadelphia.
system".
The plan was beset by difficulties from the start.
Despite this, Clinton made no secret that his final target was in the south.
Parker's fleet had an extremely difficult crossing.
The gun platforms were made of planks two inches thick and fastened with wooden spikes.
General Lee responded to the British landing with several actions.
General Clinton encountered the first major problem of the attack plan on June 17.
Less than an hour later, nine warships had sailed into positions facing the fort.
They also fired in small volleys, four cannon at a time.
One round hit her quarterdeck, slightly wounding Parker in the knee and thigh.
The shot also tore off part of his britches, leaving his backside exposed.
A painting of this event (pictured above) depicts Jasper's actions.
Experiment was also badly damaged with 23 sailors killed and 56 wounded.
Active and Solebay reported 15 casualties each.
The Americans reported their casualties at only 12 killed and 25 wounded.
The British did not attempt to take the fort again.
One iconic emblem of the battle was the flag designed by Colonel Moultrie.
It came to be known as the Moultrie flag or Liberty Flag.
On 10 September, Smith announced the extension of martial law over selected areas.
Britain and the United Nations imposed economic sanctions on Rhodesia.
ZANU proclaimed 1978 to be"The Year of the People"as the war continued.
No country recognised Rhodesia's interim administration.
Some Rhodesian Air Force Dakotas had been hit, but all had survived and landed safely.
No civilian aircraft had yet been targeted during the Bush War.
"We're going in, "he radioed.
The remaining fuel tanks ruptured and caught fire, setting the wrecked cabin ablaze.
Of the 56 people on board, 38, including Hood and Beaumont, died in the crash.
Eighteen survived, albeit with injuries, and climbed out of the wreckage.
The other 13 remained close to the wreckage.
They spoke in English, both to the survivors and among themselves.
The passengers were assembled into an area of about 10 square metres (110 sq ft).
Standing roughly 15 metres (49 ft) away, the cadres now raised their weapons.
"You have taken our land, "one of them said.
Smith wrote in his memoirs that the"degree of anger...
Here is the tragedy ! ".
Smith himself called Nkomo a"monster".
ZIPRA presumed that Rhodesia would never dare to attack a site so close to Lusaka.
This time there were no survivors.
A pole beside the monument flies the Rhodesian flag.
Richmond achieved his top NASCAR season in 1986 when he finished third in points.
He won seven races that season, more than any other driver on the tour.
NASCAR later stated their original test was a"Bad Test.
Richmond grew up in Ashland, Ohio.
Al was a welder for pipe construction companies and Evelyn was a field office manager.
He later raced the kart at tracks in Moreland and New Pittsburg.
Yet his mother Evelyn often worried about spoiling her only son.
She once said, "Tim was lazy...
", and"...
I did everything for him.
I ruined him, I admit it.
He was my whole life.
Miami Military Academy named him Athlete of the Year in 1970.
"Somebody put a stopwatch on me, "Richmond said.
"I was running laps faster than Dave had been.
It was the first time I had ever driven a race car.
In his first competition at the track, officials placed Richmond in the slowest heat.
He passed several cars before spinning out and breaking an axle.
After being towed to the pits, he parked the car for the rest of the event.
In response, Richmond's father fired him as the driver.
Competing in 12 races, he finished 30th in points as the series ' Rookie of the Year.
The win attracted sponsors and attention from major owners like Roger Penske.
He also competed in USAC's Silver Crown series.
Richmond raced in three more events that season.
He was named the 1980 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year.
"I busted up a few Indy cars right after that, "he said.
at Michigan I cut one in two.
I was afraid my racing career would come to a halt.
Overall, he finished the 1980 season 41st in points.
Richmond raced for three teams in 1981.
He started the season by competing in 15 events for Ulrich.
For the following event, Richmond was hired to drive J.D.
Stacy's No.
2 car.
Later that season, he earned his first pole position at Bristol.
Esquire magazine named Richmond as one of"the best of the new generation"in 1984.
He ended the season 11th in points with 13 Top 10s in 28 races.
It took the team until the middle of the season to gel.
That race saw a caution for rain with five laps left before the halfway point.
Two hours later, the track had dried and the race resumed with Richmond in third.
He returned to Pocono for the Miller High Life 500 during the middle of the year.
In the middle of the race, Richmond's car suffered gearbox problems.
Then every time anyone congratulated me, I started bawling again.
He resigned from Hendrick Motorsports in September 1987.
In April 1988, Richmond sued NASCAR over the suspension.
Richmond withdrew into his condo in Florida.
There were by then rumors of HIV and AIDS, which he denied.
He was later hospitalized in West Palm Beach.
The television network showed highlights of Richmond's victory at the track from 1986.
"Tim had Hollywood good looks and the charisma of Tom Cruise, "said his friend Dr.
Jerry Punch.
He was buried in Ashland, Ohio.
Richmond's physician, Dr.
David Dodson, said:"There's no way of knowing who that woman was.
Tim was a celebrity with a lot of charisma, a handsome guy.
He naturally attracted a lot of women.
", the report said.
The New York Times published the findings.
The Ashland County Sports Hall of Fame inducted Richmond in their second class in 1996.
In 1998, NASCAR named Richmond one of its 50 greatest drivers of all time.
He was inducted into the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2002.
Discovered in June 1996 by Geoffrey Marcy and R.
Paul Butler, it was one of the first hot Jupiters to be discovered.
Upsilon Andromedae b is the innermost known planet in its planetary system.
The process involved public nomination and voting for the new names.
In December 2015, the IAU announced the winning name was Saffar for this planet.
Route 29 is a state highway in the U.S.
The obsolete Delaware & Raritan Canal usually stands between the river and the highway.
Most sections of this portion of Route 29 are completely shaded due to the tree canopy.
Route 29 also has a spur, Route 129, which connects Route 29 to U.S.
Route 1 (US 1) in Trenton.
The route between Lambertville and Frenchtown was originally Route 29A.
Routes.
This freeway section was linked to the rest of Route 29 by a tunnel completed in 2002.
The route interchanges with Route 129, a spur of Route 29 which connects to U.S.
Route 1, at a partial interchange with a northbound exit and southbound entrance.
Route 29 narrows to four lanes past this interchange and crosses into Trenton.
The route comes to a southbound exit and entrance for Lamberton Road.
Route 29 meets South Warren Street at another traffic light.
Route 1 over the Delaware River.
Access to U.S.
Route 1 is provided by South Warren Street.
Route 29 passes under the Lower Trenton Bridge and the median narrows again.
The route meets the southern terminus of County Route 579 (Sullivan Way).
Route 29 crosses into Ewing Township and becomes the Daniel Bray Highway.
The route intersects the northern terminus of Route 175.
Route 29 crosses into West Amwell Township in Hunterdon County.
At the intersection of South Main Street, Route 29 becomes concurrent with Route 165.
It comes to an interchange with U.S.
Route 202 and from southbound U.S.
Route 202 provided by way of Alexauken Creek Road.
Route 29 continues along the Delaware River and enters Stockton.
Route 29 was originally defined in 1927 to run from Trenton to Newark.
The route turned north on U.S.
Route 22 to Newark.
In 1948, a spur route, Route S29, was created, running along U.S.
Route 202 between Lambertville and Somerville and U.S.
Route 22 between Somerville and Newark.
The section of former Route 29 between Route 29A and Route S29 became Route 165.
Plans were then made to fill the gap between the two freeway sections in Trenton.
Today tourism to the site may help protect the rainforest.
200 to 900 AD.
There is evidence that Tikal was conquered by Teotihuacan in the 4th century AD.
Its precise meaning remains obscure.
Tikal is approximately 303 kilometres (188 mi) north of Guatemala City.
For centuries this city was completely covered under jungle.
Dynastic rulership among the lowland Maya is most deeply rooted at Tikal.
The fourteenth king of Tikal was Chak Tok Ich'aak (Great Jaguar Paw).
Little is known about Chak Tok Ich'aak except that he was killed on 14 January 378 AD.
On Stela 31 he is named as"Lord of the West".
Tikal became the key ally and trading partner of Teotihuacan in the Maya lowlands.
Additional fortifications were probably also built to the south.
The Lady of Tikal herself seems not have been counted in the dynastic numbering.
Tikal was not sacked but its power and influence were broken.
Calakmul itself thrived during Tikal's long hiatus period.
Roughly twenty years later Dos Pilas was attacked by Calakmul and was soundly defeated.
After this, Calakmul never again erected a monument celebrating a military victory.
Even after this, formal war attire illustrated on monuments was Teotihuacan style.
By the late 8th century and early 9th century, activity at Tikal slowed.
This was the last monument erected at Tikal before the city finally fell into silence.
Some monuments were vandalized and some were moved to new locations.
The most likely cause of collapse at Tikal is overpopulation and agrarian failure.
Pioneering archaeologists started to clear, map and record the ruins in the 1880s.
They mapped much of the site and excavated and restored many of the structures.
Excavations directed by Edwin M.
The Tikal Project recorded over 200 monuments at the site.
Temple I at Tikal was featured on the reverse of the 50 centavo banknote.
Tikal is now a major tourist attraction surrounded by its own national park.
A site museum has been built at Tikal ; it was completed in 1964.
A huge set of earthworks discovered by Dennis E.
In addition, some parts of the earthwork were integrated into a canal system.
The Maler Causeway runs north from behind Temple I to Group H.
It depicts two bound captives and dates to the Late Classic.
The Tozzer Causeway runs west from the Great Plaza to Temple IV.
The Central Acropolis is a palace complex just south of the Great Plaza.
The North Acropolis continued to receive burials into the Postclassic Period.
The South Acropolis is found next to Temple V.
The Plaza of the Seven Temples is to the west of the South Acropolis.
The Mundo Perdido is to the west of the Plaza of the Seven Temples.
It is the largest ceremonial complex dating from the Preclassic period at Tikal.
The Mundo Perdido complex was rebuilt many times over the course of its history.
During the Early Classic period (c.
From AD 250 to 378 it may have served as the royal necropolis.
Group G lies just south of the Mendez Causeway.
The remains of two further chambers belong to the upper storey.
One of the entrances to the group was framed by a gigantic mask.
Group H is centered on a large plaza to the north of the Great Plaza.
It is bordered by temples dating to the Late Classic.
The first twin pyramid complex was built in the early 6th century in the East Plaza.
It was built by Yax Nuun Ayiin II in 771 in order to mark the end of the 17th K'atun.
It is close to the Maler Causeway.
Some of these pyramids are over 60 metres (200 feet) high.
They were numbered sequentially during the early survey of the site.
The temple rises 47 metres (154 ft) high.
The temple shrine possesses two chambers.
Temple VI is also known as the Temple of the Inscriptions and was dedicated in AD 766.
The temple faces onto a plaza to the west and its front is unrestored.
The pyramid was then completed, standing 33 metres (108 ft) tall.
The second head possesses a bifurcated tongue but is probably not that of a snake.
It is located near to the Lost World pyramid.
It had stairways on all four sides and did not possess a superstructure.
The palace has ancient graffiti and possesses low windows.
Complex N lies to the west of the Bat Palace and Temple III.
The complex dates to AD 711.
Altar 5 is carved with two nobles, one of whom is probably Jasaw Chan K'awiil I.
They are performing a ritual using the bones of an important woman.
Altar 5 was found in Complex N, which lies to the west of Temple III.
Altar 8 is sculpted with a bound captive.
Altar 9 is associated with Stela 21 and bears the sculpture of a bound captive.
It is located in front of Temple VI.
Altar 10 is carved with a captive tied to a scaffold.
Altar 35 is a plain monument associated with Stela 43.
Stelae are carved stone shafts, often sculpted with figures and hieroglyphs.
His helmet is a simplified version of the Teotihuacan War Serpent.
Stela 10 is twinned with Stela 12 but is badly damaged.
Stela 16 was dedicated in 711, during the reign of Jasaw Chan K'awiil I.
It was found in Complex N, west of Temple III.
Stela 19 was dedicated in 790 by Yax Nuun Ayiin II.
The stela is associated with Altar 9 and is located in front of Temple VI.
The face of the figure on the stela has been mutilated.
It dates to the early 6th century.
Stela 24 was erected at the foot of Temple 3 in 810, accompanied by Altar 7.
Its remains were then interred within the temple shrine.
The stela is also the earliest monument to bear the Tikal emblem glyph.
Stela 30 is the first surviving monument to be erected after the Hiatus.
It was also the first stela at Tikal to be carved on all four faces.
Stela 39 is a broken monument that was erected in the Lost World complex.
He is trampling the figure of a bound, richly dressed captive.
The monument is dated to AD 376.
The stela also names Chak Tok Ich'aak I's father as K'inich Muwaan Jol.
Stela 40 bears a portrait of Kan Chitam and dates to AD 468.
Stela 43 is paired with Altar 35.
It is a plain monument at the base of the stairway of Temple IV.
Burial 1 is a tomb in the Lost World complex.
Burial 10 is the tomb of Yax Nuun Ayiin.
It is located beneath Structure 34 in the North Acropolis.
A dog was also entombed with the deceased king.
The tomb was sealed with a corbel vault, then the pyramid was built on top.
It is located beneath Temple 33 in the North Acropolis.
The tomb contained a single male skeleton, which lacked a skull and its thighbones.
The bones were wrapped carefully in textiles to form an upright bundle.
Burial 116 is the tomb of Jasaw Chan K'awiil I.
Burial 195 was flooded with mud in antiquity.
